hello ladies I'm Anna Olson and it's
really nice to meet you I'm so thrilled
to be teamed with Philly cream cheese as
your host for the real women of
Philadelphia this eight-week competition
is going to be a fantastic journey for
all of us and I'd like to share my story
with you and I think then you'll
understand why this is something so
special to me I grew up loving to cook
and I was inspired by people like my
grandmother who made dessert for her
family every night of the week and
although I love cooking I didn't know I
could make a career out of it and I
studied political science and university
went into banking for a few years and I
could feel I lacked that that verb that
vigor that enthusiasm for the job and
all I wanted to do was go home and cook
and you know I had an actual moments of
Epiphany and after a frustrating day at
work I was up at 3:00 in the morning
because couldn't sleep I'm so stressed
and I found myself in the kitchen making
banana muffins and it wasn't because I
wanted to eat banana muffins but it was
that act of baking and cooking was the
only thing that was going to relax me
and I realized at that moment what am i
doing I need to cook for a living it's
the one thing that just drives me and
makes me happy and so I did I followed
my dream within a couple months I quit
my banking job and it was a big risk I
have to say it was quite scary at the
time but you know since then I've never
looked back and I know all of you have
your dreams and maybe one of them is to
be a star in a cooking video I know you
have stories to share and this real
women of Philadelphia community is going
to offer a great venue for us to
communicate share cooking tips share
recipes submit cooking videos but also
learn from each other guide each other
encourage each other and you know what
the mistakes are part of it too the fun
is in the flubs and honestly the best
lessons I learned in the kitchen
from the mistakes I make let's learn
from each other and we're going to pick
some fantastic finalists but you are all
in my hearts real women of Philadelphia
you